com/tourGuide/users/domain/dto/ProviderDto.java
 com.tourGuide.users.domain.dto.ProviderDto
com/tourGuide/users/web/controllers/UserController.java
 com.tourGuide.users.web.controllers.UserController
com/tourGuide/users/TourGuideUsersApplication.java
 com.tourGuide.users.TourGuideUsersApplication
com/tourGuide/users/domain/Location.java
 com.tourGuide.users.domain.Location
com/tourGuide/users/services/IUserService.java
 com.tourGuide.users.services.IUserService
com/tourGuide/users/services/ITripPricerService.java
 com.tourGuide.users.services.ITripPricerService
com/tourGuide/users/services/UserService.java
 com.tourGuide.users.services.UserService
com/tourGuide/users/services/TripPricerService.java
 com.tourGuide.users.services.TripPricerService
com/tourGuide/users/proxies/MicroserviceGpsProxy.java
 com.tourGuide.users.proxies.MicroserviceGpsProxy
com/tourGuide/users/domain/dto/UserRewardsDto.java
 com.tourGuide.users.domain.dto.UserRewardsDto
com/tourGuide/users/web/exceptions/ApiError.java
 com.tourGuide.users.web.exceptions.ApiError
com/tourGuide/users/domain/UserReward.java
 com.tourGuide.users.domain.UserReward
com/tourGuide/users/web/exceptions/BadRequestAdvisor.java
 com.tourGuide.users.web.exceptions.BadRequestAdvisor
com/tourGuide/users/proxies/MicroserviceRewardsProxy.java
 com.tourGuide.users.proxies.MicroserviceRewardsProxy
com/tourGuide/users/domain/ClosestAttraction.java
 com.tourGuide.users.domain.ClosestAttraction
com/tourGuide/users/web/exceptions/InvalidLocationException.java
 com.tourGuide.users.web.exceptions.InvalidLocationException
com/tourGuide/users/domain/dto/UserDto.java
 com.tourGuide.users.domain.dto.UserDto
com/tourGuide/users/web/exceptions/NotFoundAdvisor.java
 com.tourGuide.users.web.exceptions.NotFoundAdvisor
com/tourGuide/users/tracker/Tracker.java
 com.tourGuide.users.tracker.Tracker
com/tourGuide/users/domain/UserPreferences.java
 com.tourGuide.users.domain.UserPreferences
com/tourGuide/users/repository/InternalTestHelper.java
 com.tourGuide.users.repository.InternalTestHelper
com/tourGuide/users/domain/VisitedLocation.java
 com.tourGuide.users.domain.VisitedLocation
com/tourGuide/users/web/exceptions/UserInputException.java
 com.tourGuide.users.web.exceptions.UserInputException
com/tourGuide/users/domain/dto/VisitedLocationDto.java
 com.tourGuide.users.domain.dto.VisitedLocationDto
com/tourGuide/users/repository/InternalUserRepository.java
 com.tourGuide.users.repository.InternalUserRepository
com/tourGuide/users/domain/dto/AttractionDto.java
 com.tourGuide.users.domain.dto.AttractionDto
com/tourGuide/users/domain/User.java
 com.tourGuide.users.domain.User
